TriCOPA-narratives.txt
Nicole Maslan
Summer 2014

1. stalker
A circle stealthily stalks a big triangle. It does not want to be seen so it moves very slowly and quietly and then suddenly startles the circle.

2. shocked 
It was late at night and the circle knew that something bad might happen. Suddenly, the triangle saw the circle. Stunned, shocked, the triangle had nowhere to go and stood shaking in the dark cold night, no longer alone.

3. ignore
The circle had been asking the same exact question over and over again and the triangle continually said that it did not know the answer. Knowing that the circle would eventually get tired, the circle decided to ignore it. 

4. slam door
The circle heard a knock on the door and slowly moved to open it. Upon opening the door the circle was enraged--it was another salesperson. The circle took one look and slammed the door.

5. argue and door slam
Insults and yelling flew back and forth as the circle and triangle argued loudly in the house. Finally, the triangle had had enough and walked out, slamming the door behind it. As angry as the circle was at the triangle, it was very sad and knew that this may be the end of their relationship. 

6. ambush
Suddenly, a circle appeared out of the misty night. The small triangle knew this was not good and quickly turned to head the other way. But a big triangle had come up from behind it. Now shaking, the small triangle turned back to look at the circle and then frantically looked at the big triangle as it realized it was trapped.

7. inquisitive
The circle stared inquisitively at the small triangle on the other side of the room. The circle knew that it had seen the small triangle before but just couldn't remember where. 

8. angry punch
The circle finally knew everything that the triangle had done. Anger took over the circle's mind like a raging fire and the circle pulled back and punched the triangle with all it's might. 

9. poking and punch
The circle would simply not stop poking the small triangle and the triangle could simply not take it anymore. The triangle turned around and punched the circle right in the stomach.

10. argue and leave
The circle and the triangle had been arguing for quite a while and it was now finally clear to the circle that there was no point in trying to convince the triangle to agree with it. Knowing this, the circle turned around and left the room. 

11. pacing
The small triangle had been out for hours and the circle paced back and forth in the house worrying incessantly. 

12. playing outside
Free as could be, the triangles happily tossed a ball outside. 

13. dancing
The triangles did the silliest dance moves with each other, constantly laughing and with smiles spread across their faces. 

14. bust in
The circle is locked in its house trying to keep big triangle outside. Big triangle busts down the door and confronts the circle.

15. console
The triangle saw the circle sitting all alone in the corner of the room and it made the triangles heart drool. The triangle made its way over to the corner and gave the circle the most heartfelt hug it could muster up. 

16. tag
The triangle and the circle are playing tears outside the house.

17. quick attack
The triangle had taken the circle's food from the refrigerator one too many times. The triangle desperately wanted to get revenge but knew that the circle could easily defeat it. Thus, the triangle went in for a quick punch and ran the opposite way to flee the circle. 

18. simple knock
The circle heard the knock on the door and quickly got up to go meet its triangle friend.

19. door embrace
It had been many long months since the triangle and circle had seen each other and when the triangle finally opened the door the circle could barely contain its excitement.

20. forgetful
The circle was going to meet the triangle but forgot something in the house so it had to go back.

21. nodding
The circle and the triangle definitely agree with each other. 

22. searching
The triangle was looking for its keys in the house. 

23. hearing a noise
The circle heard a noise from behind and turned around to see that the triangle was approaching. 

24. wave greet
The circle saw its friend and started waving. The triangle waved back and made its way toward the circle. 

25. goodbye
It had been a long day and the triangle and circle finally decided that it was time to say goodbye. 

26. limp and help
The triangle barely hung on to life as it limped across the screen. The circle saw the helpless triangle and ran over to help it. 

27. block save
A circle charged towards the couple strolling along together. Without thinking, the big triangle got in front of the small triangle and blocked the circle. 

28. bolt
The triangle saw its old girlfriend and got away as fast as it could. 

29. moving away
The triangle couldn't stand being around the circle anymore. 

30. block from entering
The triangle wasn't allowed to let anyone enter the building. So, when the circle approached and tried to enter, the triangle quickly blocked it from going in. 

31. talk and hug
The small triangle broke the news to the big triangle that it was moving away. The only thing the big triangle could do was hug the small triangle. 

32. cling
The circle was scared to be alone and when the triangle started towards the door the circle clung to it. 

33. argue and push
The little triangle and the circle started arguing again and the big triangle knew that this could not go on. The big triangle forced its way between the two other shapes and told them to knock it off.

34. just strolling
The circle and small triangle enjoyed a nice afternoon together.

35. run stop
The circle could not handle the workout anymore and had to slow down to catch its breath.

36. family stroll
The shapes always took a family stroll on Sunday afternoon.

37. huddle
The triangles huddles together to get warm. 

38. kiss avoided
The circle tried to kiss the triangle but the triangle turned away because it was married. 

39. date night
It's Friday night and the circle goes to pick up the triangle for their date. 

40. carry
The large triangle carried its tired child. 

41. tickle
The small triangle was very ticklish and thing triangle always tried to tickle it. 

42. hug and enter
The circle was happy when it opened the door and saw its long time friend the triangle. After a brief greeting the circle invited the triangle into its house. 

43. limp
The triangle was wounded. 

44. cold outside
When the triangle stepped outside it realized I that it was freezing out. 

45. arguing
The triangles could not agree on where to go to dinner, and before they knew it they were in a full on argument. 

46. pursue
The triangle went after the circle because it forgot to invite the triangle to the party it was throwing later that week. 

47. creeping
The triangle loved scaring the circle so it slowly crept up on it making sure that the triangle did not see or hear anything coming. 

48. run and hug
The circle had just been released from prison and the triangle hadn't seen it in months. The triangle ran towards the circle and embraced it to show the circle how much it had missed it. 

49. nod
The circle agreed with the triangles plans for the evening. 

50. bolt out of house
The triangle had planned to steal the jewelry in the circles house for the pars few months. Tonight was the night. The triangle slowly snuck in through the door expecting nothing but silence. Suddenly, the triangle heard movement in the corner of the room. The triangle abandoned its plan immediately and bolted out of the house. 

51. attack
The big triangle and the small triangle are viciously fighting each other. Just in the knick of time an ally of the big triangle comes in and helps defeat the small triangle. 

52. poke
A circle gets the triangle's attention. 

53. poke ignore
The little kid is trying to get the parent's attention. 

54. wave goodbye
The big triangle says goodbye to its child in its first day of school.

55. intimidate
The circle wants to get the small triangle's lunch money. 

56. bother and argue
A circle harasses a small triangle. The big triangle sees what is happening and decides that it must stop it. The big triangle starts arguing with the circle telling it that what it is doing is not okay and it should knock it off. 

57. bother and argue
The circle is once again annoying it's younger sister. The mom approaches and tells the circle to leave its sister alone. 

58. punch and leave
A dangerous argument rages in the house. Anger gets the best of the circle and it punches the triangle in the face. The triangle doesn't know how to react and bolts out of the house. 

59. racing
The small triangle and the big triangle are racing. 

60. flirt
The circle starts to hit on the triangle does not want to deal with that right now. 

61. timeout
The child is misbehaving and the parent decides to put it into a timeout. 

62. flirt and push
The circle doesn't want the triangle flirting with its woman. 

63. resolve argument
The triangle came back to the circle's house to apologize but they just get into another argument. Finally, they resolve their quarrel with a nice hug. 

64. in love
The triangle and the circle are madly in love. 

65. hug and pull away
It's just like the story of Romeo and Juliet. The triangle and the circle desperately want to be together but are forced to be apart. 

66. argue and trudge
The small triangle want to go out and party with its friends but it's mom wants it to do its homework. The small triangle goes to sulk in the corner. 

67. creeping
The small triangle was hired to spy on the circle and was doing a great job until the circle turned around and looked at the circle right in the face. The circle bolted the opposite way in hopes that it's identity would not be revealed. 

68. parent goodbye
The parents are about to go out on a date but first say a quick goodbye to their child. 

69. fight and limp
The triangles are having a brutal battle. One of the triangles has had enough and starts to walk away with a heavy limp.

70. waiting
The big triangle always takes so long to get ready and always makes his friends wait for him. 

71. knock and hide
The circle refused to pay its taxes for far too long and knew its final day was here when it heard a rapid knock on the door. The circle had nowhere to go so it ran into the corner and started shaking. The triangle finally pushed open the door. 

72. kidnap
The little triangle is kidnapped! 

73. corner on screen
The big triangle is trying to steal the little triangle's lunch money.

74. punch wall
The big triangle is mad beyond belief and again explodes in anger. 

75. nudge awake
The triangle slept past its alarm again and now the circle has to come in and wake it up for their morning soccer practice. 

76. argue and sneak in
The circle does not want to get involved in the argument between the triangles. 

77. unsure
The triangle wasn't sure who was at the door. 

78. save and hug
The small triangle rescues the circle. 

79. jealous dance
The circle isn't going to let the big triangle steal its date. 

80. involved with argument
The big triangle want this argument to be between it and the small triangle. The circle tries To get involved but the big triangle won't let it happen. 

81. rescue child
The big triangle rescues its child from the attacker. 

82. date night
It's Saturday night and the triangles are going on a date. 

83. push and chase
The circle is trying to get away from the cops and pushes the small triangle to get out of its way. The big triangle feels attacked that the circle pushed its friend and chases after the circle too. 

84. sneak out
The small triangle is trying to sneak out if the house past curfew. 

85. recoil
The triangle hasn't been around people for days and the slightest touch from the circle startles it. 

86. run behind house
The small triangle did not want the big triangle to see it. 

87. polite
The circle is a polite young chap. 

88. like
The small triangle really likes the big triangle. 

89. save
The big triangle saves the circle. 

90. bump and run
It was dark out and the triangle didn't have very good vision of where it was going. 

91. bored and meandering
When it is winter, the triangle can't leave the house because it is too cold. It starts to go mad and moves around the house aimlessly. 

92. passerby
The triangle and circle are just strolling along the road. 

93. sad dance
The small triangle is always excluded from the fun of others. 

94. accelerate 
The circle is worried about being late to its exam. 

95. a beautiful day
It is a beautiful day outside. 

96. following
The big triangle is showing the circle where it's apartment is. 

97. tickle attack
The circle and the triangle are having a tickle fight. 

98. run away
The small triangle is running for its life. 

99. simple knock
Someone knocked on the door. 

100. antisocial
The triangle is not sure if it wants to talk to anyone today. 

